## [Candidate 7-2-2021](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/releases/tag/v1.0.1)

[All changes](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/compare/v1.0.0...v1.0.1#files_bucket)

### From Issue [#8](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/issues/8)
#### Map fixes:

- c1m3_mall: Block permstuck at alternative path vending machine.
- c2m5_concert: Prevent bass and anvil cases from disappearing.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Patched janky ladder near the event for all modes.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Swamp gator has been given a proper name... and some bite.
- c4m1_milltown_a: Prevent Survivor bots from picking up items inside c4m4's saferoom.
- c5m2_park: Eliminate permstuck spot that a previous ladder patch created.
- c5m4_quarter: Fixed "mins" for a commonhop clip at an electrical box.
- c8m1_apartment: Lift anti-grief kill trigger off ground to prevent an incap glitch.
- c9m1_alleys: Block rare permstuck spot between the boxwreck and traffic light.
- c13m2_southpinestream: Fix permstuck next to military truck leading to barricade.
- c13m3_memorialbridge: Enlargened a permstuck clip to fully fix it.

#### Map Quality-of-Life:

- c1m3_mall: Auto-crouch for starting gate at shoplift scanners.
- c1m4_atrium: Clips for kiosks to assist jumping and booth auto-crouch.
- c9m2_lots: Clip to prevent gascans from falling between finale buses.

#### Versus fixes:

- c1m1_hotel: Move Ghost SI exploit killtrigger down a lot to solve a rare issue.
- c2m1_highway: Add navblocker at fence/car to prevent Tank spawn flow exploit.
- c2m4_barns: Food cart ladder replaced with better clone and smoothed it with a new clip.
- c5m1_waterfront: Improved a clip that blocks getting stuck in skybox.
- c5m2_park: Solidify a prop_static chimney for LOS blocking QoL.
- c8m1_apartment: Add clip to patch a ladder shortcut at the start.
- c11m4_terminal: Fix SI permstuck spot inside the end rubble.
- c12m2_traintunnel: Fix prop from slightly hovering above vent.
- c12m4_barn: Patched fence Infected ladder next to lawnmower room.
- c14m2_lighthouse: Fix displacement crouch to get under finale map.