## [1.1.0 (Sep 24th, 2021)](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/releases/tag/v1.1.0)

[All changes](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/compare/v1.0.1...v1.1.0#files_bucket) (TODO: [binary changes](#))

### From Pull Request [#23](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/23), [#34](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/34), [#27](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/27) and [#65](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/65)
#### Organizational:

- Split fixes into map-specific scripts and removed empty cases.
- Changed unsafe EntFire calls to DoEntFire.
- Major code refactor, please see Pull Request https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/27.
- Most noticeably: "anv_mapfixes" (anniversary) namespace replaced with "community_update".
- Updated multiple scripts to respect this new namespace.

### From Pull Request [#61](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/61)
#### Lump:

- Lump edits to account for changed weapon density values.
- c4m2_sugarmill_a and c4m3_sugarmill_b: Added a prop to make it easier for infected bots to navigate.
- c12m2_traintunnel: Added missing breakwall texture to wall in warehouse.
- c12m4_barn: Removed unreachable pills spawn.

#### Navmesh:

- Various nav fixes for -9999 flow areas.
- Improved and fixed bot nav in various maps<!-- including..-->.
- Harmless file size optimization through merging, deleting and ID compression.
- c1m2_streets: Fixed nav areas in order for the warp_to_checkpoint concommand to work properly.
- c1m3_mall: Added c1streets place name to the ceda evac center area.

##### c13m2_southpinestream:

- Many new paths up and down the left and right banks from the first tall rock in the middle of the riverbed to just outside the end tunnel.
- Two new paths down the rockfall cliff over the lampposts to the left and right of the janky ladder/ramps.
- New paths along the guardrail to the left of the bus exiting the tunnel and left of the ambulance further ahead.
- Various new paths up tall vehicles like buses, vans and truck, notably onto the side by side buses after the main metal barricade.
- New JUMP path over almost the entire length of the cliff bushes right of the road with connections between large vehicles.
- Fixed infamous Godspot on top of fuel truck.
- New path up the right side of the army truck's hood.
- Added NO_MOBS NOTHREAT to the bus roof's front at the main metal barricade, EMPTY to the bus roof after the ambulance, and EMPTY NO_MOBS to the riverbed just before the bridge.
- New path on top of the main metal barricade that leads to both sides of the cliff bushes and new tricky jump back up it.
- Changed the positions of paths over the roadside fence before the ambulance.
- New path for commons over the metal barricade at the back of the barrels event.
- New path for specials down the cliff above the second humvee at the barrels event.
- New path along the very thin 'outer skirt' of the bridge to the left of the barrels with JUMP paths down from it.

#### l4d1.nut:

- Disabled water slowdown for L4D1 Survival.

#### l4d1coop.txt and l4d1survival.txt:

- Set the cvar z_tank_autoshotgun_dmg_scale 1.

#### mutation15.nut (Versus Survival):

- Made it auto-trigger any outputs on the entity used to start Survival if the pre-round timer expires.

#### mutation19.nut (Taaannnk!!):

- Players no longer need to wait for incapped Survivors in order to progress at areas like elevators.

#### community5.nut (Death's Door):

- Enabled B&W state when under 25% health.

#### tankrun.nut:

- The first map of a Campaign will now spawn two Tier 1 weapons near the start area if no other Tier 1's are nearby.
- Made it so Survivors are auto-revived instantly when incapacitated or hanging from a ledge.
- Car alarms will now spawn a Tank if triggered.
- Disabled water slowdown for all maps.
- Set Survivor revive health to 50.

#### instructor_lessons.txt:

- "Tank Claw" hint had incorrect binding "+attack2".
- "Tank Rock" hint had incorrect binding "+attack".
- "Jockey Leap" hint had the incorrect ability_use of "ability_spit", and now uses the correct "ability_leap".

#### Other:

- Added render coloring support to the Hunter, Smoker, Boomer and Charger models.
- Fixed Audio and Keyboard/Mouse menus in the Options flyout having broken navigation keys when trying to use the arrow keys or a controller.
- Gave the knife its old slash pattern back.

### From Pull Request [#67](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/67)
#### z_developer_showupdate.nut:

- Countless fixes and enhancements.
- Added arguments and filters for added control.
- Rotated ladder DebugDrawText now displays properly.
- Added trigger_teleport and trigger_look to potential highlights.
- Full support for commentary, lump and other mod blockers regardless of prefix.
- No more "Accessed null instance" error if array entities are deleted.
- Note: Requires DebugDrawClear(); will always conflict with other scripts that use it.

### From commit [1942b1f](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/commit/1942b1f)
#### rocketdude.nut:

- Bandaid fix to update "anv_mapfixes" to "community_update" namespace.

### From Issue [#15](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/issues/15)
#### Map fixes:

- c8m3_sewers: Mitigator axiswarp for getting stuck in scissor lift.
- c10m1_caves: Bandaid nav clip fix for stuck SI bot spawns behind tunnel's 2nd barricade.
- c11m4_terminal: Rubble axiswarp with QoL and OoB clips to reduce stuck bot and player Tank spawns.
- c12m3_bridge: Permstuck in tree near shed (for SI / RocketDude).
- c13m2_southpinestream: Fix a regression with easy event skip clip and a permstuck clip nearby.

#### Map Quality-of-Life:

- c8m3_sewers: Fred?!

#### Versus fixes:

- c5m3_cemetery: New ladder in far corner of manhole drop area to fix permstuck.
- c7m2_barge: Delete func clip that blocks SI access into end closet.
- c8m3_sewers: Thicken SI warehouse clip Tanks could potentially spawn behind.
- c12m2_traintunnel: SI permstuck beyond the end of tunnel just before end safe room.

#### Versus Survival (just this mode):

- Thickened 24 clips across 10 maps to eliminate stuck Tank spawns.
- Dramatically reduced stuck Tank spawns on maps...
- c1m2_streets: Delete all func SI clip.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Delete all func SI clip, a TLS clip, added tree axiswarp.
- c5m4_quarter: Delete all func SI clip.
- c8m2_subway: Added visual vending machine step to get back in-bounds.
- c9m2_lots: Delete 1 fence model to direct SI players in-bounds.
- c10m2_drainage: Delete all func SI clip, 1 fence model, and add 3 ladders to assist in-bounds.
- c10m4_mainstreet: Add 2 anti-stuck clips for behind event barricade and far corner.
- c11m2_offices: Delete 1 func SI clip for final street left barricade.
- c12m3_bridge: Delete 1 func SI clip for wrongway at end of train tunnel.

#### Taaannnk!! (just this mutation):

- Thickened 24 clips across 10 maps to eliminate stuck Tank spawns.
- Dramatically reduced stuck Tank spawns on maps...
- c1m2_streets: Delete all func SI clip.
- c2m2_fairgrounds: Delete all func SI clip.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Delete all func SI clip, a TLS clip, added tree axiswarp.
- c5m2_park: Clip for Tank stuck spot on start roof.
- c5m4_quarter: Delete all func SI clip.
- c6m1_riverbank: Clip for Tank stuck spot behind start fence.
- c8m1_apartment: Delete 1 func SI clip and add 2 anti-stuck clips.
- c8m2_subway: Add anti-stuck 6 clips for rubble and end area.
- c8m3_sewers: Delete 3 func SI clips and add anti-stuck clip on start rooftops.
- c9m2_lots: Clip for Tank stuck spot far behind start area.
- c10m1_caves: Delete 8 func SI clips and add clip to fix a permstuck deletions caused.
- c10m2_drainage: Delete all func SI clip.
- c10m3_ranchhouse: Delete 2 func SI clip and add 2 anti-stuck clips.
- c10m4_mainstreet: Add 2 anti-stuck clips from Versus Survival and 1 along house row.
- c11m1_greenhouse: Delete 1 func SI clip for fence in end area.
- c11m2_offices: Delete 2 func SI clip for final street and add anti-stuck fence clip.
- c11m3_garage: Clip for Tank stuck spots immediately behind start fence.
- c12m1_hilltop: Add 2 anti-stuck clips to extend 2 wrongway func SI clips.
- c12m2_traintunnel: Clip for Tank stuck spot at end of tunnel.
- c12m3_bridge: Delete 1 func SI clip for wrongway at end of train tunnel.
- c12m4_barn: Clip for Tank stuck spot behind start safe room.

Pull requests
-------------

- [#23] Split fixes into map specific scripts (Treescrub)
- [#27] Major code update (Evgeniy Kazakov)
- [#34] Changed unsafe EntFire calls to DoEntFire (Treescrub)
- [#61] Updated Various Files (Raymond Nondorf)
- [#65] Removed accidentally restored and obsolete anv_* files (Evgeniy Kazakov)
- [#67] Update z_developer_showupdate (Derpduck)