### From Issue [#8](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/issues/8)
#### Map fixes:

- c1m3_mall: Block permstuck at alternative path vending machine.
- c2m5_concert: Prevent bass and anvil cases from disappearing.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Patched janky ladder near the event for all modes.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Swamp gator has been given a proper name... and some bite.
- c4m1_milltown_a: Prevent Survivor bots from picking up items inside c4m4's saferoom.
- c5m2_park: Eliminate permstuck spot that a previous ladder patch created.
- c5m4_quarter: Fixed "mins" for a commonhop clip at an electrical box.
- c8m1_apartment: Lift anti-grief kill trigger off ground to prevent an incap glitch.
- c9m1_alleys: Block rare permstuck spot between the boxwreck and traffic light.
- c13m2_southpinestream: Fix permstuck next to military truck leading to barricade.
- c13m3_memorialbridge: Enlargened a permstuck clip to fully fix it.

#### Map Quality-of-Life:

- c1m3_mall: Auto-crouch for starting gate at shoplift scanners.
- c1m4_atrium: Clips for kiosks to assist jumping and booth auto-crouch.
- c9m2_lots: Clip to prevent gascans from falling between finale buses.

#### Versus fixes:

- c1m1_hotel: Move Ghost SI exploit killtrigger down a lot to solve a rare issue.
- c2m1_highway: Add navblocker at fence/car to prevent Tank spawn flow exploit.
- c2m4_barns: Food cart ladder replaced with better clone and smoothed it with a new clip.
- c5m1_waterfront: Improved a clip that blocks getting stuck in skybox.
- c5m2_park: Solidify a prop_static chimney for LOS blocking QoL.
- c8m1_apartment: Add clip to patch a ladder shortcut at the start.
- c11m4_terminal: Fix SI permstuck spot inside the end rubble.
- c12m2_traintunnel: Fix prop from slightly hovering above vent.
- c12m4_barn: Patched fence Infected ladder next to lawnmower room.
- c14m2_lighthouse: Fix displacement crouch to get under finale map.

### From Pull Request [#67](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/67)
#### z_developer_showupdate.nut:

- Countless fixes and enhancements.
- Added arguments and filters for added control.
- Rotated ladder DebugDrawText now displays properly.
- Added trigger_teleport and trigger_look to potential highlights.
- Full support for commentary, lump and other mod blockers regardless of prefix.
- No more "Accessed null instance" error if array entities are deleted.
- Note: Requires DebugDrawClear(); will always conflict with other scripts that use it.

### From commit [1942b1f](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/commit/1942b1f)
#### rocketdude.nut:

- Bandaid fix to update "anv_mapfixes" to "community_update" namespace.

### From Pull Request [#23](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/23), [#34](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/34), [#27](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/27) and [#65](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/65)
#### Organizational:

- Split fixes into map-specific scripts and removed empty cases.
- Changed unsafe EntFire calls to DoEntFire.
- Major code refactor, please see Pull Request https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/27.
- Most noticeably: "anv_mapfixes" (anniversary) namespace replaced with "community_update".
- Updated multiple scripts to respect this new namespace.

### From Issue [#15](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/issues/15)
#### Map fixes:

- c8m3_sewers: Mitigator axiswarp for getting stuck in scissor lift.
- c10m1_caves: Bandaid nav clip fix for stuck SI bot spawns behind tunnel's 2nd barricade.
- c11m4_terminal: Rubble axiswarp with QoL and OoB clips to reduce stuck bot and player Tank spawns.
- c12m3_bridge: Permstuck in tree near shed (for SI / RocketDude).
- c13m2_southpinestream: Fix a regression with easy event skip clip and a permstuck clip nearby.

#### Map Quality-of-Life:

- c8m3_sewers: Fred?!

#### Versus fixes:

- c5m3_cemetery: New ladder in far corner of manhole drop area to fix permstuck.
- c7m2_barge: Delete func clip that blocks SI access into end closet.
- c8m3_sewers: Thicken SI warehouse clip Tanks could potentially spawn behind.
- c12m2_traintunnel: SI permstuck beyond the end of tunnel just before end safe room.

#### Versus Survival (just this mode):

- Thickened 24 clips across 10 maps to eliminate stuck Tank spawns.
- Dramatically reduced stuck Tank spawns on maps...
- c1m2_streets: Delete all func SI clip.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Delete all func SI clip, a TLS clip, added tree axiswarp.
- c5m4_quarter: Delete all func SI clip.
- c8m2_subway: Added visual vending machine step to get back in-bounds.
- c9m2_lots: Delete 1 fence model to direct SI players in-bounds.
- c10m2_drainage: Delete all func SI clip, 1 fence model, and add 3 ladders to assist in-bounds.
- c10m4_mainstreet: Add 2 anti-stuck clips for behind event barricade and far corner.
- c11m2_offices: Delete 1 func SI clip for final street left barricade.
- c12m3_bridge: Delete 1 func SI clip for wrongway at end of train tunnel.

#### Taaannnk!! (just this mutation):

- Thickened 24 clips across 10 maps to eliminate stuck Tank spawns.
- Dramatically reduced stuck Tank spawns on maps...
- c1m2_streets: Delete all func SI clip.
- c2m2_fairgrounds: Delete all func SI clip.
- c3m1_plankcountry: Delete all func SI clip, a TLS clip, added tree axiswarp.
- c5m2_park: Clip for Tank stuck spot on start roof.
- c5m4_quarter: Delete all func SI clip.
- c6m1_riverbank: Clip for Tank stuck spot behind start fence.
- c8m1_apartment: Delete 1 func SI clip and add 2 anti-stuck clips.
- c8m2_subway: Add anti-stuck 6 clips for rubble and end area.
- c8m3_sewers: Delete 3 func SI clips and add anti-stuck clip on start rooftops.
- c9m2_lots: Clip for Tank stuck spot far behind start area.
- c10m1_caves: Delete 8 func SI clips and add clip to fix a permstuck deletions caused.
- c10m2_drainage: Delete all func SI clip.
- c10m3_ranchhouse: Delete 2 func SI clip and add 2 anti-stuck clips.
- c10m4_mainstreet: Add 2 anti-stuck clips from Versus Survival and 1 along house row.
- c11m1_greenhouse: Delete 1 func SI clip for fence in end area.
- c11m2_offices: Delete 2 func SI clip for final street and add anti-stuck fence clip.
- c11m3_garage: Clip for Tank stuck spots immediately behind start fence.
- c12m1_hilltop: Add 2 anti-stuck clips to extend 2 wrongway func SI clips.
- c12m2_traintunnel: Clip for Tank stuck spot at end of tunnel.
- c12m3_bridge: Delete 1 func SI clip for wrongway at end of train tunnel.
- c12m4_barn: Clip for Tank stuck spot behind start safe room.

### From Pull Request [#61](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/61)
#### Navmesh:

- Various nav fixes for -9999 flow areas.
- Better bot nav in various maps (i.e. c1m2 hedges).
- c1m2_streets: Fixed nav areas in order for the warp_to_checkpoint concommand to work properly.
- c1m3_mall: Added c1streets place name to the ceda evac center area.
- Harmless file size optimization and merging.

#### Lump:

- Lump edits to account for changed weapon density values.
- c4m2_sugarmill_a and c4m3_sugarmill_b: Added a prop to make it easier for infected bots to navigate.
- c12m2_traintunnel: Added missing breakwall texture to wall in warehouse.
- c12m4_barn: Removed unreachable pill spawn.

#### l4d1.nut:

- Disabled water slowdown for L4D1 Survival.

#### l4d1coop.txt and l4d1survival.txt:

- Set the cvar z_tank_autoshotgun_dmg_scale 1.

#### community5.nut (Death's Door):

- Enabled B&W state when under 25% health.

#### mutation15.nut (Versus Survival):

- Made it auto-trigger any outputs on the entity used to start Survival if the pre-round timer expires.

#### mutation19.nut (Taaannnk!!):

- Players no longer need to wait for incapped Survivors in order to progress at areas like elevators.

#### tankrun.nut:

- The first map of a Campaign will now spawn two Tier 1 weapons near the start area if no other Tier 1's are nearby.
- Made it so Survivors are auto-revived instantly when incapacitated or hanging from a ledge.
- Car alarms will now spawn a Tank if triggered.
- Disabled water slowdown for all maps.
- Set Survivor revive health to 50.

#### instructor_lessons.txt:

- "Tank Claw" hint had incorrect binding "+attack2".
- "Tank Rock" hint had incorrect binding "+attack".
- "Jockey Leap" hint had the incorrect ability_use of "ability_spit", and now uses the correct "ability_leap".

#### Other:

- Added render coloring support to the Hunter, Smoker, Boomer and Charger models.
- Fixed Audio and Keyboard/Mouse menus in the Options flyout having broken navigation keys when trying to use the arrow keys or a controller.
- Gave the knife its old slash pattern back.

### From commit [2257108](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/commit/2257108)

- Removed byte order mark from rocketdude.nut.

### From Pull Request [#71](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/71), [#72](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/72) and [#74](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/74)
#### Talker:

- Anything for the survivors that uses "then " will now use "then self" instead.
- Swapped Francis' ArriveBoat02 and ArriveBoat03 placements.
- Fixed two of Coach's rules using "IsTalkCoach" twice.
- Many tweaks to rules referring to leaving the starting area.
- Fixed RemarkC13M1DownHereMechanic rule having the wrong name. (Thanks, Haruko)
- Swapped Louis' ArriveChopper line placements.
- Deleted C6M3_ElevatorCancel rules for the L4D2 survivors (they had no real functionality).
- Added IsNotAlone to the C1M1Elevator lines for Coach, Gambler, Mechanic and Producer.
- Added NoOneInSafeSpot to the "outside" vehicle nags.
- Split the vehicle nags for C6M3 for Coach, Gambler and Producer.
- Added NotAloneOutsideSafeSpot to C5M5RunToHeliRareCoach.
- Added the FinalVehicleArrived concept for Dark Carnival and Swamp Fever.
- Updated criteria definitions for IsIncappedStarted and IsIncappedBleeding.
- Added IsNotAlone to the c1m1_enter_elevator concept for Coach, Gambler, Mechanic and Producer.

### From Pull Request [#70](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/70) and [#73](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/73)
#### c4m2_sugarmill_a_l_0.lmp:

- Fixed multiple item spawns from falling into the ground.
- Fixed unreachable pipe_bomb and adrenaline spawn.
- Moved two upgrade spawns over to a new shelf prop so they spawn when transitioning from map 1.

#### c4m2_sugarmill_a.nav:

- Fixed -9999 flow areas.
- Survivor bots can save you in more places.
- Lot of bad connections fixed.
- Lot of merging.

#### c12m2_traintunnel_X_0.lmp:

- Removed shadows from the breakwall prop_dynamic entities.

### From Pull Request [#81](https://github.com/Tsuey/L4D2-Community-Update/pull/81)
#### Misc:

- Uploaded original (current live game) rocketdude.nut and rd_map_specifics.nut (blame BOM on VICE).
- Updated both to new community namespace, so c8m4_elevatorfix doesn't break.
- Introduced "sources" for files required by Valve.
- Introduced "tools" for community use.
- Updated main README to explain the above, and dedicated changelogs/README to credits.

#### Models:

- Improved collision and usability of the Forklift hittable for Versus Tanks.

#### Materials:

- Reduced the env map intensity on "models/props/cs_militia/refrigerator01.mdl".
- Reduced the env map intensity on pipebomb, hunting rifle, and worn variants.
